Update ZeroMQ (#4766)
zcash/zcash: depends/packages.md

General tips:
- mylib_foo is written as $(package)_foo in order to make recipes more similar.

> - Secondary dependency packages relative to the bitcoin binaries/libraries (i.e.
>   those not in `ALLOWED_LIBRARIES` in `contrib/devtools/symbol-check.py`) don't
>   need to be shared and should be built statically whenever possible. See
>   [below](#secondary-dependencies) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Secondary dependency packages relative to the Zcash binaries/libraries (i.e.
  those not in `ALLOWED_LIBRARIES` in `contrib/devtools/symbol-check.py`) should
  be built statically. See [below](#secondary-dependencies) for more details.
```

Most autotools projects can be properly staged using:

    $(MAKE) DESTDIR=$($(package)_staging_dir) install

## Build outputs:

In general, the output of a depends package should not contain any libtool
archives. Instead, the package should output `.pc` (`pkg-config`) files where
possible.

From the [Gentoo Wiki entry](https://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Project:Quality_Assurance/Handling_Libtool_Archives):

>  Libtool pulls in all direct and indirect dependencies into the .la files it
>  creates. This leads to massive overlinking, which is toxic to the Gentoo
>  ecosystem, as it leads to a massive number of unnecessary rebuilds.

## Secondary dependencies:

> Secondary dependency packages relative to the bitcoin binaries/libraries (i.e.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secondary dependency packages relative to the Zcash binaries/libraries (i.e.
```

> those not in `ALLOWED_LIBRARIES` in `contrib/devtools/symbol-check.py`) don't
> need to be shared and should be built statically whenever possible. This
> improves general build reliability as illustrated by the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
those not in `ALLOWED_LIBRARIES` in `contrib/devtools/symbol-check.py`)
should be built statically. The arguments for statically linking secondary
dependencies are similar to those for primary dependencies: it is preferable
for promptness of security updates; consensus compatibility; ease of
debugging and reproduction of user issues; avoiding unintended breakage
due to incompatible changes; and portability across OS distributions. It also
improves general build reliability as illustrated by the following example:
```
